I'm really fussy right now
I went to the dermatologist
I made a little mistake here
Isn't it too red there?
No, the reason I turned on this live is
Just wait a minute
It's so annoying
no
Why did I turn on the live?
Kazuha when I went to the dermatologist
I went to the event you were at, right?
So I went to the dermatologist and came back.
After the event
We were supposed to have dinner together
She said She didn't want to eat it
Zha wash?
Yeah, why?
Okay, no, I'm on a live stream
- Are you live right now? - Yeah
Do you want to say hello with your voice?
- Weverse? - Yeah.
It's okay for me to go out
Can I go out now?
Do you want to go out?
The condition is okay
Just wait a minute
Let's tidy up the room a bit
Are you live?
- Yeah - Can you hear everything?
- Can you hear everything? - Yeah.
I don't know if you can hear my voice.
Want to come?
I just had new carpet installed
You can come in
- Can I come in? - Yeah.
Where is the camera? I'm scared.
I have it
Come and say hello
- It's really funny. - No, the reason I turned it on is
She said She won't eat
I said I would eat alone
She came as soon as She got off work
"Sister, did you order meat?"
"No, I didn't order it because you said you wouldn't eat it."
- "Sister, do you want to eat together?" - "Do you want to eat together?"
- So - That's right.
While I was washing this
I'm going to turn on the live now
you're right
- Yes, yes - It's fun.
It's new
be new
I never thought you'd turn on the live
therefore
I just wanted to tell you this funny story
"Heart, you were so pretty today"
- Really? - "I posted it on Twitter"
- Right - That was me, guys.
I knew it right away
yes
- Doesn't it sound like me just by looking at the way you speak? - I said it was Yunjin unnie.
Fearnot, you came
that's right
thank you
"You were pretty, a total fall girl"
It's summer
- She was an autumn woman. - Today is the day.
No fall
I will do Autumn.
Autumn
- Autumn - Let's do Autumn
- Autumn girl - Personal color of clothes
It was brown today
- Completely - All
- It was almost all brown. - It was all brown.
Even the lenses are brown
That's right, that's right
Your room is nice
thank you
No, your room is the prettiest
- No - I'm a little bit now
- It's very shabby - The room feels a bit spacious
- A little wide - a little
- I'm really out of it. - What should I say?
It feels like there's a garden.
- Garden, that's right - and
Here's the solution
Yes, you see, guys?
- There is a solution - There is a solution
A little something
- There's a jellyfish over there. - It looks like the wind is blowing.
There's a jellyfish over there
- I can't see it because of the TV - Slowly
It feels like the wind is blowing
Is that guy there again?
Is it Thai food?
- Right - Ordering Thai food again
- Right - So
- I did it again today - because I wanted to eat Thai food
I guess I'll work hard
- Since you came from work - I was going to hold it in
I wanted to eat something delicious
- Let's eat something delicious. - Then let's eat together.
- Yes, that's right. - Let's eat together.
I knew it
So this title is "I knew it"
really?
- That far? - Hey Kazuha, I knew it.
No
I knew it, Kazuha
Yes
- Yes - Then
- Hurry up and wash up. - I
I'll go wash up and come back.
I'm going to play with Fearnot for a bit.
Would you like me to make a playlist for you?
Playlist
Yeah you can hear it here
I don't think I can hear you
- Anyway - Goodbye
See you later
There's also this cute friend
Finally went
joke
This is so funny
For covering up acne
Isn't it cute?
Aren't you jealous?
It's a blur
cute
"You like it" is correct
It's Heurimong, everyone
Isn't it so cute?
So cute
Is it like a beard?
that's right
What did you do today, Fearnot?
"Grandpa Chicken Mustache"?
Have you eaten dinner?
I just told a funny story
I was just going to eat salad by myself
Kazuha asked me to eat with her
I originally planned to eat it too
Because She said She wouldn't eat it
I said okay and ordered something to eat by myself.
As soon as I get off work
"Sister, did you order meat?"
She said She wanted to eat meat.
"No, I didn't order it" She said.
This is so funny right now
No, Kazuha-ssi went to wash up now.
The shower room is right in front of my room.
You are playing my song
I know you can't hear me very well, but
I went to introduce myself
Because you choose your own songs well
I'll put on a playlist for you
You are playing my song
It's so funny
Can you hear me?
You might not hear it
I can hear you
Can't you hear me?
But I heard
Covering acne with a beard
Do you know what it is?
Are you cute, Heurimong?
Isn't it cute?
It's all blue
Up to this point
How about a room introduction?
Room introduction
A little room
It's a little messy
Is it okay to show this much?
wait for a sec
I'm so worried
The room
Room tour?
First, I'll show you this.
Isn't it cute?
So cute
This looks really pretty when you turn off the lights.
Can you hear me?
So funny
I heard it well, Mr. Zha
Isn't it pretty?
And I showed you last time
glasses
And this is when I recently went to Japan
At the fan touch event
I stole what was left
Good, right?
Good
Really
Isn't it too dark?
Then I'll turn on the lights.
It's been a while since I've seen a dark room
How did the name Heurimong come about?
"How was Heurimong made?"
"Did you create the name and visual?"
That's right.
In last year's episode of "Leniverse"
We created the designs.
At that time
This little kid's name was Puhu.
Like a ghost bu
I'm going to talk about it later because my last name is Heo.
Phew
FIM's CLUB
I think it's because of the brand.
So I changed my name.
I like Heurimong too
Heurimong...
Blurry... It comes from the word "blurry"
That's what it means
That's...
Now you're playing 'Yes or No' again
So funny
♪ Apartment Apartment
♪ Uh, uh huh uh huh
Do you want to live in Heurimong?
Heurimong is really cute
No, this one strand of hair
Because I can decorate it so beautifully
It's cute
Isn't it so cute?
Are you looking to buy a new perfume?
I like the perfume I'm using now.
Sister Chaewon hasn't finished work yet
"Introducing perfume"?
It's too far
but
Well, I'll just tell you the most used ones these days.
Deep*k's
What's your name?
that...
You know, that fig-scented thing
Philosykos is right
"Why did the chicken cross the road?"
I don't know
"It looks like you're carrying a fig"?
I am so good
Philosykos is right
Right, coffee, coffee
"It's laggy"?
"Heurimong, can you express your emotions with your head?"
It's a heart
While playing 'Raise y_our glass'
I just passed by
I guess you washed it all up
okay
Well then, I'll stop here
It was fun, even if it was short, Fearnot
I love you
I'll upload a picture of our dinner
I really appreciate your sense in song selection
Bye i love you
Good night
If you haven't had dinner yet, even though you're awake
Please eat it quickly
hi
Bye
i love you
See you soon